<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?><!--
    	Copyright (c) 2011, The Dojo Foundation All Rights Reserved.
    	Available via Academic Free License >= 2.1 OR the modified BSD license.
    	see: http://dojotoolkit.org/license for details
 -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:dojo="http://www.dojoserverfaces.org/core">
	<div style="width: 100%">An component that allows one to select a
	value with a horizontally draggable handle. <br />
	<dojo:button label="Usage">
		<dojo:behaviorShow event="click" target="dia"></dojo:behaviorShow>
	</dojo:button> <dojo:dialog id="dia" style="width:60%">
		<table id="usageTable" class="usage">
			<colgroup>
				<col width="11%" />
				<col width="89%" />
			</colgroup>
			<tbody valign="top">
				<tr>
					<td><strong>showButtons</strong></td>
					<td>Flag controlling the showing of the increment/decrement
					buttons at the ends of the slider. Default is true.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>minimum</strong></td>
					<td>The minimum value the slider can be set to. Default is 0</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>maximum</strong></td>
					<td>The maximum value the slider can be set to. Default is
					100.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>discreteValues</strong></td>
					<td>If specified, indicates that the slider handle has only
					'discreteValues' possible positions, and that after dragging the
					handle, it will snap to the nearest possible position. Thus, the
					slider has only 'discreteValues' possible values. For example, if
					minimum=10, maximum=30, and discreteValues=3, then the slider
					handle has three possible positions, representing values 10, 20, or
					30. If discreteValues is not specified or if it's value is higher
					than the number of pixels in the slider bar, then the slider handle
					can be moved freely, and the slider's value will be
					computed/reported based on pixel position (in this case it will
					likely be fractional, such as 123.456789).</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>pageIncrement</strong></td>
					<td>If discreteValues is also specified, this indicates the
					amount of clicks (that is snap positions) that the slider handle is
					moved via page up/page down keys. If discreteValues is not
					specified, it indicates the number of pixels. Default is 2</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>clickSelect</strong></td>
					<td>Flag to indicate if clicking the slider bar changes the
					value or not.</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td><strong>slideDuration</strong></td>
					<td>The time in ms to take to animate the slider handle from
					0% to 100%, when clicking the slider bar to make the handle move.</td>
				</tr>
			</tbody>
		</table>
	</dojo:dialog></div>
</ui:composition>
